PCB version: 	v1.0.0
Code version: 	guitar_waveform_v1.0.0.ino
MCU: 		ESP32 Huzzah32 Feather Dev Board
OLED: 		Adafruit 1.44" ST7735

***POST MORTEM***
-Though this pedal was designed to fit in a 1590B pedal box, I forgot
to account for the space that the potentiometers require and thus
there isn't enough room in the pedal for a comfortable fit. Had to 
make a 5.5mm spacer for the enclosure.

-A buck converter was used to regulate the 9V supply to 5V. It may be
worth it to investigate in using a LDO instead if the project were to
be redone.

-Using an entire dev board for this pedal wasn't a good idea as it
consumes a large area of the PCB. Upon some research into small, 
cheap MCUs that would be compatilbe with my existing code, the ESP32
C3 could be a chip worth taking a look into. Also the CH32V003 is a
very cheap MCU that has a Arduino core available. However it needs a
proprietary programmer and wouldn't work with current code. 

-A future version of this project could use SMD components to further
reduce the footprint of the design.

-The 0.25" audio jacks that were used took up alot of PCB space so 
using smaller jacks that aren't necessarily meant to be mounted on 
the PCB could be beneficial.

-Having a dedicated connector for the screen would be nice. There is
a ribbon cable connector on the back of the ST7735 module that could
be worth looking into. It is called "eye-spi". I think the connector
itself is called a FPC connector? eye-spi has 18 pins at 0.5mm pitch
last I remember.

-Making the pedal more tolerant to a range of power supplies (say 9V
to 15V) would be a nice feature. This could make using a LDO for
supplying power more difficult or not feasable.

-The device (as is) has enough computing capacity to handle
displaying higher resolution waveforms. The current version is only
displaying 7 bits of precision (due to low resolution of the ST7735
of 128x128) out of the 12 bits that the ADC of the ESP32 is reading.
Not to mention that we collect 512 ADC readings and are only 
displaying 128 of them. Just 1/4 of the collected readings! A bigger
screen could justify a bigger box to accomidate it.

-In the next revision, more PCB labels would be nice. For instance, 
labeling the positive and negative terminals that the power supply 
will connect to, labels for the different potentiometers like "BIAS"
and "GAIN", and some more general board info on the back potentially.

-Test points down the chain of the front end and other critical 
places would be a nice touch.

-Resistor R7 needs to be ~100k as the original 1M value is too big 
and makes a substancial voltage divider with the OpAmp input 
impedence. The input was seeing around half the reference voltage.

-Add an additional mode for displaying frequency spectrum data. Maybe even a
spectrograph?